Feat/add v1.24.7 (#32)
sighupio/fury-kubernetes-on-premises: docs/releases/v1.24.7.md

# On Premises add-on module release 1.24.7

Welcome to the latest release of `on-premises` module of [`Kubernetes Fury Distribution`](https://github.com/sighupio/fury-distribution) maintained by SIGHUP team.

This minor release adds the compatibility with Kubernetes 1.24.7.

## Package Versions 🚢

| Package                                              | Supported Version | Previous Version  |
|------------------------------------------------------|-------------------|-------------------|

> | [vmware-cm](katalog/vmware-cm)                       | `1.24.2`          | `Updated`         |

Reviewer: Shouldn't you add the previous version under the "Previous Version" column?

Also, I would add a link to the upstream project changelog in the "Supported Version" column.

Author: You are right, let me change that

| [vmware-csi](katalog/vmware-csi)                     | `2.6.2`           | `Updated`         |
| [etcd](roles/etcd)                                   | `3.4.7`           | `No update`       |
| [haproxy](roles/haproxy)                             | `2.2`             | `No update`       |
| [containerd](roles/containerd)                       | `1.6.8`           | `Updated`         |
| [docker](roles/docker)                               | `19.X`            | `No update`       |
| [kube-node-common](roles/kube-node-common)           | `-`               | `Updated`         |
| [kube-control-plane](roles/kube-control-plane)       | `-`               | `No update`       |
| [kube-worker](roles/kube-worker)                     | `-`               | `No update`       |

## Update Guide 🦮

In this guide, we will try to summarize the update process from `v1.23.12` to this release.

> NOTE: Each on-premises environment can be different, always double-check before updating components.

1. Update the vSphere Controller Manager package and vSphere CSI if applicable (see below)
2. Update containerd to the new version (see the [example playbooks](examples/playbooks))

> 3. Update Kubernetes masters (see the [example playbooks](examples/playbooks))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Update Kubernetes control plane nodes (see the [example playbooks](examples/playbooks))
```

4. Update workers (see the [example playbooks](examples/playbooks))
5. Update KFD if applicable (see the [KFD `1.24.x` release notes](https://github.com/sighupio/fury-distribution/tree/master/docs/releases))

## vsphere-cm

The vSphere controller manager update can be executed before upgrading the cluster version to v1.24.7. 
The current version is compatible with Kubernetes 1.24.x and its standard skew versions.

To upgrade, please run the following command:

```yaml
kustomize build <your-project-path-including-vmware-cm-as-base> | kubectl apply -f -
```

## vsphere-csi

The vSphere CSI driver update can be executed before upgrading the cluster version to v1.24.7.

> The current version is compatible with Kubernetes 1.22.x to 1.24.x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current version is compatible with Kubernetes from v1.22.x to v1.24.x.
```
